While perception and decision-making are
probably the most challenging pieces of robotics,
the most exciting part is definitely action.
Robots can take action in many ways and for many different purposes.
Like moving from one place to another,
speeding up or slowing down,
taking a new sensor measurement or even communicating with humans or other robots.
Motors and actuators might turn wheels or
propellers on a mobile robot or activate joints in robotic arm.
A robot might take other actions as well,
like power on a laser scanner to take a measurement or
emit a light or sound or send a communication message.
In this course, you'll get a chance to build and simulate active robotic systems.